
✔ add NOOP chanflag on Q 

multiple languages for Q and S

✔ INFO #Channel Command for Q 

✔ PART #Channel command for Q and S 

Make it impossible for users to deop/kick/ban Q, D, S (any irc service) 

Limit users to 5 channels per Normal User (admins can register unlimited channels with Q) Limit users to 2 accounts per E-mail. (add a command that let's admin add accounts) 

✔ Limit S to channels with over 10 users in. 

✔ Limit D to channels with over 20 users in. 

✔ Only the owner/master can add/remove S to their channel. 

✔ Restrict which offense kills a user with S.

✔ Add a flood protection for Q/S, if they're being flooded, they notice the user that they're flooding attempt has been recoreded and that they're being put on ignore for 10 minutes. (Multiple offenses will result in longer ignore times). 

Add Keywords, description and email to channels registered with Q Add suspend user access on a channel with Q.

Implement Dynamicvoice (e.g. auto-voice users after X minutes of activity)

Implement Dynamicop (e.g. auto-devoice/deop users after X minutes of inactivity)

Add svshost,svsident,svsname,svsnick to O

✔ Implement T, P, D, G.

✔ Implement M (MemoServ Module)

✔ Implement webUi for Mjolnir Services. (WebUI module)

✔ Implement B (clone army module, try to use the one we already have)

✔ Implement e-mail confirmation registration for Q. (E-Mail Module)

Change S to F. 

Change D to S.

✔ Change G to H

✔ Add version scan to T.

For S/F{ Warning → mute → kick → tempban → permaban Automatic decay of punishment history over time }

O should report a Full audit log Every mode change, access change, ban, unban in #Monitor

✔ Implement pseudo client creation from O (just for placeholding some nicks)

✔ Implement #Jail for T and P.

Implement functionality in the webUI for Q, User logs in the portal and they see the Account overview, settings and channels access.

In the webUI add Register an account with Q.

Make a Request page for R, to request Q/F/S through the webUI.

Make it so that you can drill into the channels you have access on and change settings from the webui.

Make an admin section in the webui where you can change settings with O, P, T, S, Q.

A page where you can list all registered channels and all registered users.

Add on the website in the stats panel, how many channels and users are registered with Q.

Re-write footer stats for emechnet.org through D/S

Re-write status page for emechnet.org

Re-write stats page for emechnet.org

Implement BOPM/HOPM functionality into P (ProxyServ)

Inprove the way Q / S / D offers HELP to users. 

Make H explain each Q/S/D command.

Add Help for Mjolnir services on EmechNet.org.

Implement "Legacy" for the emechnet.org website.\

On Q Suspend #channel (only by admins), Q will change the topic of the channel to "This Channel has been suspended by the EmechNet Administration. Reason: Reason here. (For more information about this suspension please join #Help or E-Mail suspensions@emechnet.org), also change its Welcome message to "Channel Suspended"
